Enable process metric collection added (#3304)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/hosts-operating-systems/opentelemetry/macos-opentelemetry.md

In this step, you will configure the yaml required for macOS Collection.

(Optional) You can add a custom tag, if desired. (There are no parameters required for the macOS app to install.)

> #### Enable process metric collection (Optional)

Reviewer: Copy over any changes here that were made in the Linux doc

Reviewer 2: I think you are referring to [this](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation/pull/3304/files#diff-55d6813f44f119335535210cfe052874036cdba7aa2b1581edbb04eafdf9dfceR68) section in linux doc. But this is applicable only to linux collection. And does not apply for windows and mac

Reviewer: @sumoanema Yes correct that's the section. To confirm, do you mean @JV0812 needs to delete this section from docs/integrations/hosts-operating-systems/opentelemetry/macos-opentelemetry.md and docs/integrations/hosts-operating-systems/opentelemetry/windows-opentelemetry.md?

> By default, the collector will not be sending process metrics to Sumo Logic this is because the number of processes running on a host can be very large, this may result in significant increase in Data Points per Minute (DPM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the collector will not send process metrics to Sumo Logic. This is because the number of processes running on a host can be very large, which would result in a significant increase in Data Points per Minute (DPM).
```

Click the **Enable process metric collection** checkbox to collect (process level metric)[https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/hostmetricsreceiver/internal/scraper/processscraper/documentation.md].
- **Name of process**. Add the list of process names.
- **Include/Exclude the above pattern**. Signifies if you want to exclude or include the metrics for the processes listed previously.
- **Match type for process name**. Select if the process name given should be considered for a strict match with the host machine processes or if it should be considered as regex when matching.

<img src='img/integrations/hosts-operating-systems/process-metric-collection.png' alt="process-metric-collection" width="400"/>

:::note

> If the process list needs to be edited in future, you can edit it manually in the OTEL config yaml by adding/removing in the names list under process scrapper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the process list needs to be edited in the future, you can edit it manually in the OTEL config yaml by adding/removing in the names list under process scrapper.
```
